[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
DAD'S SECRET
[howling]
-Oh, I've seen this movie already.
-[Naoko shushes]
[Mom whispers] Yes, he turns out
to be the villain.
[Naoko] No! Don't spoil it!
Ribbit!
[woman from TV]
Honey! Why were you out so late?
I worked overtime.
How about dinner?
I already ate. I'm going to bed.
Wait a minute.
-So, what is this?
-[gasps]
You're hiding something from me,
aren't you?
-[sighs]
-[man from TV] I'm not!
[woman from TV]
I can tell you're lying to me!
[Dad] I'm home.
Huh? Oh, hello honey!
[Naoko] You came home late tonight.
[Dad] I had to work overtime.
What?
How about dinner?
I already ate. I'm going to bed.
Just like the movie.
Is Dad hiding something from us?
-[blow strikes from TV]
-Your dad would never do that.
He and I got married
out of true love and trust.
But Dad didn't even
make eye contact with us.
That's because he's tired.
But what if he's hiding something?
[Naoko] What if we get kicked out
because of his big secret?
Don't worry. If it bothers you so much,
we can follow him around tomorrow.
You can see for yourself
so you'll stop worrying.
[indistinct chatter]
[train horn blaring]
[grunts, groaning]
-Honey--
-[yelps]
[woman] You're in the way, old man!
Mm?
-Mmm?
-[gasps]
-[yelps]
Some suspicious people are following me!
[panting]
Taxi!
[tire squealing]
[grunts] I'm being followed by assassins!
Get me out of here fast!
Roger!
-[car engine revving]
-[Naoko and Mom yelps]
[Naoko] Taxi!
-[tire squeals]
-[Naoko grunts]
-Follow that taxi!
-Leave it to me!
[tire squealing]
[squealing]
[slams]
Ribbit! Ribbit! Ribbit!
Sir, you need to wear your seat belt!
Please stop the car!
[grunts, panting]
[Grandpa] Mr. Watanabe!
Huh?
Oh, you're Toshio Hiraga's grandfather.
Do not call me a grandfather.
I'm Grandpa!
I found you at the right time.
Please join me for a bit.
No, thank you.
I've been followed by some suspicious--
-[Dad grunts] Ribbit!
-It's just for a bit. Just a little bit.
CAFE SAWA
-[doorbell chimes]
-[Sawa-Neh] Welcome!
[Mom] See? He's just resting here.
[Naoko] It's suspicious.
[Grandpa laughs]
Mr. Grandpa, you seem happy.
Something really great happened today.
Really? What happened?
A flower bloomed on my cactus!
And it's so cute! [laughs]
That's all?
-Mr. Watanabe, celebrate with me!
-[Dad gurgles]
-[doorbell chimes]
-[Sawa-Neh] Welcome!
[chuckles] Good evening!
I'm just like Johnny Depp!
Oh, I'm so troubled.
My Hollywood friend keeps calling me.
Brad Pitt is begging me to visit.
He wants me to stay at his house.
I can't stand his pestering! [laughing]
[gasps, sighs]
[forced laugh]
[dueling laugher]
[beeps]
-[Grandpa] Be quiet!
-[Treasure Handa] No, you be quiet!
-What'd you say?
-What about you!
-[Dad sighs] Now, now...
-Why you...!
[doorbell chimes] Good evening!
Toshio! Thank goodness you're here.
Mr. Grandpa, someone's here for you.
Come on, Grandfather. Let's go.
Don't call me Grandfather!
Call me Grandpa!
Yes, I will.
[Toshio] Thanks for looking after him!
[Treasure Handa] That Treasure Handa
is always so obstinate!
You too, Grandfather.
I'm not Grandfather. I'm Grandpa!
Ribbit! [sighs]
What a terrible time.
Oh, no! I'm late!
I knew it! He's going somewhere.
He's probably just going home.
Let's follow him.
Hey, young lady. Do you want to see
photos I took with Brad Pitt?
Sorry, but I'm in a hurry.
Oh, come on! Take a look!
[yelps] My favorite shirt!
Oh, sorry.
[groans]
How dare you!
[roaring]
Gauko?
[growling]
[screaming]
[both screams]
-[explosion]
-Huh?
-[Mom panting]
-[hissing]
[stutters] I'm sorry!
[both scream]
-Uh...
[panting]
Why is he here? It's really suspicious.
I'm sure he has his reasons.
[panting]
[yelps] Ribbit!
-[harp melody]
-[water bubbles]
[Dad] Ribbit!
[angelic singing]
[giggles]
Ribbit?
Dad...
He has been hiding something from us!
But I trusted him...
I am the goddess of the pond.
Did you drop this shiny gold briefcase?
Or this old shabby briefcase?
The shabby one.
[screaming]
Huh?
Huh? My dear!
-[Mom grunts]
-[Dad] Ribbit! [groans]
[sobbing] You liar!
♪ Ribbit, ribbit ♪
♪ Ribbit, ribbit
Ribbit, ribbit ♪
-[Mom whimping]
-[Dad grunting]
-Huh?
-Ribbit!
-♪ Ribbit, ribbit ♪
-[grunts]
♪ Ribbit, ribbit ♪
[Naoko] Dad, was your "overtime"
actually singing with the frog chorus?
I was too embarrassed to tell you two
about the frog chorus.
We thought you had a secret life!
What? That's the craziest thing
I've ever heard!
I already have the life I want,
and it's here with the two of you!
[crying] Oh, honey...
[happy sobbing]
I love you.
I love you, too.
♪ Ribbit, ribbit
Ribbit, ribbit ♪
♪ Ribbit, ribbit ♪
-[Naoko giggles]
-[choir song fades out]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪